# TheGamingRoomDoc
The Gaming Room is a company developing an application called 'Draw It or Lose It". This application is already available on android but they would like a web based version of the game to be developed. The game consists of four rounds of play lasting one minute each. Drawings are rendered at a steady rate and are fully complete at the 30-second mark. If the team does not guess the puzzle before time expires, the remaining teams have an opportunity to offer one guess each to solve the puzzle with a 15-second time limit. So for this application I've created a software design template in order to structure and plan out the development process of the web based application. When developing the documentation I feel like I did well in describing the technical constraints and requirements that my client "The Gaming Room" wanted. Such as indication the type of programming language that will be used based on the constraints they gave and the type of front end language that will be used in order to design the UI. I also indicated the pros and cons of each operating platform that could potentially be used for the application to be developed. The process of using the document really helped with the code because it gives a foundation and guidelines to work with. Also the UML Diagram within the documentation helped a lot. If I could revise one thing about the documentation it would be the recommendations of the Distributed Systems and Networks just because I dont think I ellaborated enough on the topic as it pertains to the project. I would also revise the mobile device development requirements because I feel like that was also lacking content. It is very important to take the clients requirements into consideration because without them there isn't really any guidelines to work off of and can make the development process longer. The way I approached designing the softtware is by following the clients requirements, both technical and business, and using them as a guide when developing the application. The strategies and techniques I'd use to design a similiar application is to follow technical and business constraints. I would also develop a UML Diagram for the application so that I have a starting point for my code. 
